Ingredients

FOR THE PANEER TIKKA:
 12 ounces paneer* — cut into 3/4-inch cubes
 1 tablespoon minced fresh ginger
 2 teaspoons minced garlic — about 1 large clove
 1 teaspoon ground coriander
 1 teaspoons garam masala**
 1 teaspoon ground cumin
 3/4 teaspoon kosher salt
 5 tablespoons 2% plain Greek yogurt***

FOR THE MASALA (SAUCE):
 2 tablespoons coconut oil — or canola oil
 1 large red bell pepper — cored and thinly sliced
 1/2 medium head cauliflower — cut into florets
 1/2 medium yellow onion — very finely chopped
 1 tablespoon minced fresh ginger
 1 tablespoon minced garlic — about 3 cloves
 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt
 1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper
 1 tablespoon tomato paste
 1 1/2 teaspoons  garam masala**
 1 1/2 teaspoons turmeric
 1/8 teaspoon cayenne pepper
 1 can crushed tomatoes — (28 ounces)
 1 package frozen peas — (10 ounces)
 1/2 cup 2% plain Greek yogurt***
 1/4 cup fresh cilantro — roughly chopped
 For serving: naan — Indian flatbread—my fave! or prepared brown rice
Instructions
Prepare the paneer: Place the paneer in a bowl and toss with the ginger, garlic, coriander, garam masala, cumin, and salt. Add the 5 tablespoons of yogurt and stir until the paneer pieces are evenly coated. Let marinate at room temperature for 20 minutes or refrigerate and marinate overnight. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.
Line a large baking sheet with aluminum foil and place an oven-safe baking rack on top (I use a cooling rack that is oven safe). Coat the rack with nonstick spray, then arrange the paneer cubes on top in an even layer, discarding any excess marinade. Bake for 12 to 15 minutes, until the paneer is lightly golden at the edges. Remove from the oven and set aside.
While the paneer bakes, prepare the masala (sauce): Heat the coconut oil over medium low in a large, sturdy skillet. Once hot, add the bell pepper, cauliflower, onion, ginger, garlic, salt, and pepper. Cook, stirring occasionally, for 1 minute, then increase the heat to medium and continue cooking until the vegetables are tender and the onion is translucent, about 12 to 15 minutes. Do not let the onion brown—if it starts to turn brown, reduce the heat and continue cooking until soft. Add the tomato paste, garam masala, turmeric, and cayenne. Cook and stir constantly for 30 seconds, until very fragrant. Add tomatoes and cook, stirring occasionally, until hot, about 2 minutes. Add the paneer and peas, and cook, stirring occasionally, until warmed through, about 2 minutes more.
Remove from heat and let cool for 1 minute. Stir in the 1/2 cup yogurt. Taste and add additional salt and pepper as desired. Sprinkle with cilantro and serve warm with naan bread or brown rice.
Recipe Notes
*Paneer is an Indian cheese that is high in protein, mild in flavor, and absolutely delicious! There are not any direct substitutes, so I really recommend seeking it out. Try Indian grocery stores or delis or a specialty foods store. Otherwise, you can substitute diced boneless, skinless chicken, though you will need to adjust the cooking time accordingly. It could also work to swap extra firm tofu that has as much moisture pressed out as possible, though I have not tried either of these swaps myself.
